[DECLUTTER USING] re-write 10 Commandments (#564)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/10Commandments.md

## 1. Wasabi is for defense only

Wasabi is a powerful free and open source Bitcoin wallet, and it shall only be used to protect your property, never to steal from others.

## 2. Verify the integrity of your software

> When installing the wallet, you may choose to [download the package](/using-wasabi/InstallPackage.md) from the official [clearnet](https://wasabiwallet.io) or [tor hidden service](http://wasabiukrxmkdgve5kynjztuovbg43uxcbcxn6y2okcrsg7gb6jdmbad.onion), or [compile the source code](/using-wasabi/BuildSource.md) from the official [GitHub repository](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing the wallet, you may choose to [download the package](/using-wasabi/InstallPackage.md) from the official [clearnet](https://wasabiwallet.io) or the [tor hidden service](http://wasabiukrxmkdgve5kynjztuovbg43uxcbcxn6y2okcrsg7gb6jdmbad.onion), or to [compile the source code](/using-wasabi/BuildSource.md) from the official [GitHub repository](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi)
```

> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Please [verify signatures](/using-wasabi/InstallPackage.md) after completing downloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please [verify the signatures](/using-wasabi/InstallPackage.md) after completing downloads.
```

The concern here is that you may accidentally fall for a phishing attempt and be on a malicious site downloading a malicious piece of software.

> ## 3. Backup your mnemonic words and password (BOTH!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3. Backup your recovery words and password (BOTH!)
```
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Seed_phrase#Alternative_name_.22Mnemonic_Phrase.22

> When [creating a new wallet](/using-wasabi/WalletGeneration.md), write down your mnemonic recovery words **AND** password and store them safely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [creating a new wallet](/using-wasabi/WalletGeneration.md), write down your recovery words **AND** password and store them safely.
```

> When [creating a new wallet](/using-wasabi/WalletGeneration.md), write down your recovery words **AND** password and store them safely.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When [creating a new wallet](/using-wasabi/WalletGeneration.md), write down your recovery words **AND** password and store them safely in separate locations.
This way, if a malicious person manages to find one of them, he or she will still need to find the other in order to gain access to your coins.
It also gives you time to move your coins to a different wallet if you notice that one of the two storage locations has been compromised.

```

> Wasabi is a fully non-custodial wallet, which means that you should always be in possession of your keys, and this means safely storing a backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi is a fully non-custodial wallet, which means that you are always in possession of your keys, and this means safely storing a backup.
```

If you have done this step, then even if your computer crashes, there is very little you have to worry about, you can always [recover your wallet](/using-wasabi/WalletRecovery.md).
Also, under no circumstance should you reveal the password or mnemonic words to anyone that asks for them.
Lastly, understand that if you [lose your password](/using-wasabi/LostPassword.md), it becomes much harder (if not impossible) to restore your wallet - so store both safely!

## 4. Practice good labeling AND try to never reuse addresses

Each time you generate an address to [receive bitcoin](/using-wasabi/Receive.md) or you [send a transaction](/using-wasabi/Send.md), you must label the address with the observers of this transaction.

> This label is here to help you with understanding your wallet, and is stored exclusively on your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This label helps you use your bitcoin privately, and is stored exclusively on your device.
```

> Wasabi has strong coin control features, and as you continue to use the wallet properly, you can see who knows are your coins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi has strong coin control features, and as you continue to use the wallet properly, you can see who knows about your coins.
```

> Lastly, in the same way that you should never receive bitcoin to the same address twice, you should try to avoiding sending bitcoin to the same address twice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, in the same way that you should never receive bitcoin to the same address twice, you should try to avoid sending bitcoin to the same address twice.
```

So ask the recipients to provide you a new address for every transaction.

## 5. CoinJoin whenever possible and be patient!

> The process of engaging in a [CoinJoin](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md) is as simple as selecting a coins to enqueue and entering your password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process of engaging in a [CoinJoin](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md) is as simple as selecting a coin to enqueue and entering your password.
```

Once coins have enqueued for coinjoining, you must keep your computer online and awake, because this is an interactive process.

> As a CoinJoin is up to 100 users enqueuing coins at the same time, it may take up to one hour for you to successfully participate in a CoinJoin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a CoinJoin is just many users (up to 100) enqueuing coins, it may take up to one hour for you to successfully participate in a CoinJoin.
```

As more users join the network, the frequency of these CoinJoins will go up.

> Lastly, if you remix your coins, this provides you and your peers with plenty of additional privacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, if you remix your coins, this provides you and the other participants with plenty of additional privacy.
```

By merging your tainted coins with your mixed coins, you undo the privacy benefits of CoinJoins!

Further, when sending mixed coins to your cold storage, make sure to send your coins in small batches after each other.
Don't merge all of your bitcoin in one single transaction!
This would reveal that one entity controls all of these several coins.
Instead, take your time and send coins to multiple addresses of your cold storage over a few hours or days.

For more information, please see the discussions [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/WasabiWallet/comments/avxbjy/combining_mixed_coins_privacy_megathread/).

## 7. Avoid 3rd party servers

Wasabi is designed to allow users to see their balances [without any concern that a third party](/why-wasabi/BitcoinPrivacy.html#network-snooping) would be able to link your addresses to you, or to each other.

> But if you proceed to enter your address into a block explorer, or use trust a third party server with your public keys - all bets are off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if you proceed to enter your address into a block explorer, or use a third party wallet with your keys - all bets are off.
```

Author: Well, if the third party wallet does not send public keys to another server [like electrum + own server, or bitcoin core] then there is no risk. 
Also, if you send the public keys to a block explorer, which is not a wallet, then you are still at risk.

```suggestion
But if you proceed to enter your address into a block explorer, or use a wallet which trusts a third party server with your public keys - all bets are off.
```

Reviewer: ACK

## 1. Wasabi is for defense only

> Wasabi is a powerful free and open source Bitcoin wallet, and it shall only be used to protect your property, never to steal from others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi is a powerful free and open source Bitcoin wallet, and it is used to protect your privacy.
```

## 2. Verify the integrity of your software

When installing the wallet, you may choose to [download the package](/using-wasabi/InstallPackage.md) from the official [clearnet](https://wasabiwallet.io) or the [tor hidden service](http://wasabiukrxmkdgve5kynjztuovbg43uxcbcxn6y2okcrsg7gb6jdmbad.onion), or to [compile the source code](/using-wasabi/BuildSource.md) from the official [GitHub repository](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi)
Please [verify the signatures](/using-wasabi/InstallPackage.md) after completing downloads.
The concern here is that you may accidentally fall for a phishing attempt and be on a malicious site downloading a malicious piece of software.

## 3. Backup your recovery words and password (BOTH!)

When [creating a new wallet](/using-wasabi/WalletGeneration.md), write down your recovery words **AND** password and store them safely in separate locations.

> This way, if a malicious person manages to find one of them, he or she will still need to find the other in order to gain access to your coins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, if a malicious person manages to find one of them, he or she still needs to find the other in order to gain access to your coins.
```
